 Well Sam, thank you so much for joining us and thanks for all the inspiration. I mean, OpenAI itself is a true inspiration for any really, really ambitious person. Maybe we just start with that. I mean, what were some of the decisions early that seemed small, that turned out to be incredibly pivotal? I mean, just deciding to do it was a big one. We got very close to not starting OpenAI. AGI sounded crazy. I was, I had Gary's job then and we were, you know, there was like all of this other great stuff to do that would work. All these great startups and AGI was like kind of a pipe dream and also even if it was possible, DeepMind seemed like an possibly far ahead. So we had this year over the course of 2015 where we were talking about starting it. And, you know, it was like kind of coin flipy. I think this is the story of like many ambitious things where they seem so difficult and there's such good reasons not to do them that it really takes a core of people that like sitting in the room looking at each other and they say, all right, let's do this. And those are like very important moments and I think when in doubt you should lean into them. So there were just a billion things, a billion reasons why people might say you shouldn't do it. I mean, off the bat, like even one of the things you figured out was a scaling lot. It's so hard to remember what it was like next year will be our 10 year anniversary. And so not, yeah, thank you. But to like remember what the vibes were like about A.I. 10 years ago that was like way before the first language models that worked. We were trying to like play video games and we had this little robotic hand that could sort of barely do a Rubik's cube and we had no ideas for products, no revenue, no really idea that we were ever going to have revenue. And we were like sitting around at conference tables and whiteboards trying to come up with ideas for papers to write. It was such, it's like hard to explain now because it looks so obvious now how improbable it seemed at the time and how the idea of Chachy VT was like completely in the realm of science fiction.